This is beyond the most basic cooking,
You still have to come up with thirty-one members,
As compensation for this Hanlin young prestige.
Thirty-one, Xianduo,
Believe it or not. Chef Lin Shao,
It can make your wealth and everything disappear in an instant.
Do you understand this? There is no need to accompany you.
Apart from me, the other one An moved to Ocean City
Where can you go?
I have ten tens of billions of investment packages
Soon they were all divided among the ten major families in Ocean City.
As for why the brothers who came here
I can't let your bones turn to pieces
I have some serious intentions.
Don't choose to spend less
As for those careless little suits
Do you think everyone can see it equally?
these pocket money
Who can choose whom?
Li Mingzhen Lin Shao
You prepare this flower party for me
I am very happy
Don't go after those pollen intestines behind your back.
It's scary that you have no right to live here.
We need to talk to Mr. Lin
Do you agree with this convenient method?
Mr. Liu, what do you mean?
Don’t tell lies in front of real people
Mr. Lin is already here
It's no fun playing this kind of game
Nightline is still this time
The master who intends to injure the gangsters
Of course, it’s just the income calculation he said
Others are currently overdoing it